alexander_name=Alexander
alexander_plus_name=Alexander
alexander_plush_name=Alexander
angel_name=Ängel
angel_dark_name=Mörk Ängel
angel_plus_name=Ängel
angel_plus_dark_name=Mörk Ängel
angel_plush_name=Ängel
angel_plush_dark_name=Mörk Ängel
archonnihr_name=Archon Nihr
archonnihr_o_name=Archon Nihr
archonnihr_plus_name=Archon Nihr
archonnihr_plus_o_name=Archon Nihr
archonnihr_plush_name=Archon Nihr
archonnihr_plush_o_name=Archon Nihr
ariel_name=Ariel
ariel_b_name=Ariel
ariel_plus_name=Ariel
ariel_plus_b_name=Ariel
ariel_plush_name=Ariel
ariel_plush_b_name=Ariel
astarios_name=Astarios
astarios_b_name=Astarios
astarios_plus_name=Astarios
astarios_plus_b_name=Astarios
astorhus_name=Astorhus
astorhus_b_name=Astorhus
astorhus_plus_name=Astorhus
astorhus_plus_b_name=Astorhus
bacon_name=Bacon
bacon_plus_name=Bacon
bacon_plush_name=Bacon
bandita_name=Bandit
bandita_plus_name=Bandit
banditb_name=Bandit
banditb_plus_name=Bandit
battor_name=Battor
battor_b_name=Battor
battor_plus_name=Battor
battor_plus_b_name=Battor
belphyor_name=Belphyor
belphyor_o_name=Belphyor
belphyor_o_plus_name=Belphyor
belphyor_plus_name=Belphyor
belphyor_plush_name=Belphyor
betty_name=Betty
betty_plus_name=Betty
blacksheep_name=Svart Får
blacksheep_plus_name=Svart Får
blazingcornie_name=Grillad Cornie
blazingcornie_plus_name=Grillad Cornie
bob_name=Bob
bob_plus_name=Bob
bob_plush_name=Bob
bolphyer_name=Bolphyer
bolphyer_plus_name=Bolphyer
bolphyer_plush_name=Bolphyer
bombardier_name=Bombardier
bombardier_b_name=Bombardier
bombardier_plus_name=Bombardier
bombardier_plus_b_name=Bombardier
brigand_name=Brigand
brigand_plus_name=Brigand
bruiser_name=Bruiser
bruiser_b_name=Bruiser
bruiser_plus_name=Bruiser
bruiser_plus_b_name=Bruiser
brute_name=Brute
brute_b_name=Brute
brute_plus_name=Brute
brute_plus_b_name=Brute
brutus_name=Brutus
brutus_b_name=Brutus
brutus_plus_name=Brutus
brutus_plus_b_name=Brutus
celsius_name=Celsius
celsius_b_name=Celsius
celsius_plus_name=Celsius
celsius_plus_b_name=Celsius
chieftain_name=Chieftain
chieftain_b_name=Chieftain
chieftain_plus_name=Chieftain
chieftain_plus_b_name=Chieftain
colin_name=Colin
colin_b_name=Colin
colin_plus_name=Colin
colin_plus_b_name=Colin
cornie_name=Cornie
cornie_plus_name=Cornie
cornierandom_name=Cornie
cornierandom_plus_name=Cornie
curtis_name=Curtis
curtis_plus_name=Curtis
curtis_plush_name=Curtis
cutthroat_name=Cutthroat
cutthroat_plus_name=Cutthroat
cutthroatb_name=Cutthroat
dawn_name=Dawn
dawn_plus_name=Dawn
dawn_plush_name=Dawn
dawn_o_name=Dawn
dawn_plus_o_name=Dawn
deifrang_name=Deifrang
deifrang_b_name=Deifrang
deifrang_plus_name=Deifrang
deifrang_plus_b_name=Deifrang
dolly_name=Dolly
dolly_plus_name=Dolly
dolly_plush_name=Dolly
dragonfly_name=Mygga
dragonfly_b_name=Mygga
dragonfly_plus_name=Mygga
dragonfly_plus_b_name=Mygga
dryad_name=Druiderna
dryad_plus_name=Druiderna
dryadsummon_name=Druiderna
dryadsummon_plus_name=Druiderna
dusk_name=Skymning
dusk_plus_name=Skymning
dusk_plush_name=Skymning
dusk_o_name=Skymning
dusk_plus_o_name=Skymning
dyona_name=Dyona
dyona_plus_name=Dyona
dyona_plush_name=Dyona
elderdryad_name=Äldre Druiderna
elderdryad_o_name=Äldre Druiderna
elderdryad_o_plus_name=Äldre Druiderna
elderdryad_plus_name=Äldre Druiderna
elderdryad_plush_name=Äldre Druiderna
erekhal_name=Erekhal
erekhal_b_name=Erekhal
erekhal_plus_name=Erekhal
erekhal_plus_b_name=Erekhal
esther_name=Esther
esther_plus_name=Esther
esther_plush_name=Esther
estrix_name=Estrix
estrix_b_name=Estrix
estrix_plus_name=Estrix
estrix_plus_b_name=Estrix
evoker_name=Konvokerare
evoker_a_name=Konvokerare
evoker_b_name=Konvokerare
evoker_plus_name=Konvokerare
evoker_plus_a_name=Konvokerare
evoker_plus_b_name=Konvokerare
farmer_name=Bonde
farmer_plus_name=Bonde
fiend_name=Fiend
fiend_b_name=Fiend
fiend_plus_name=Fiend
fiend_plus_b_name=Fiend
firebrander_name=Eldmärkare
firebrander_a_name=Eldmärkare
firebrander_b_name=Eldmärkare
firebrander_plus_name=Eldmärkare
firebrander_plus_a_name=Eldmärkare
firebrander_plus_b_name=Eldmärkare
fireimp_name=Eldtomte
fireimp_plus_name=Eldtomte
fireimpeasy_name=Eldtomte
fireimpeasy_plus_name=Eldtomte
goldensheep_name=Gyllene får
goldensheep_plus_name=Gyllene får
golem_name=Golem
golem_b_name=Golem
golem_plus_name=Golem
golem_plus_b_name=Golem
gonzo_name=Gonzo
gonzo_b_name=Gonzo
gonzo_plus_name=Gonzo
gonzo_plus_b_name=Gonzo
graham_name=Graham
graham_b_name=Graham
graham_plus_name=Graham
graham_plus_b_name=Graham
graham_plush_name=Graham
graham_plush_b_name=Graham
gunner_name=Skytt
gunner_dark_name=Mörk skytt
gunner_plus_name=Skytt
gunner_plus_dark_name=Mörk skytt
gunner_plush_name=Skytt
gunner_plush_dark_name=Mörk skytt
guts_name=Mod
guts_plus_name=Mod
guts_plush_name=Mod
hatchling_name=Kulting
hatchling_b_name=Kulting
hatchling_plus_name=Kulting
hatchling_plus_b_name=Kulting
hatchlingeasy_name=Kulting
hatchlingeasy_plus_name=Kulting
herder_name=Herde
herder_b_name=Herde
herder_plus_name=Herde
herder_plus_b_name=Herde
hugo_name=Hugo
hugo_b_name=Hugo
hugo_plus_name=Hugo
hugo_plus_b_name=Hugo
hydraarrogance_name=Övermod
hydraarrogance_b_name=Övermod
hydraarrogance_plus_name=Övermod
hydraarrogance_plus_b_name=Övermod
hydraarrogance_o_name=Övermod
hydraarrogance_plus_o_name=Övermod
hydrahatred_name=Hat
hydrahatred_b_name=Hat
hydrahatred_plus_name=Hat
hydrahatred_plus_b_name=Hat
hydrahatred_o_name=Hat
hydrahatred_plus_o_name=Hat
hydramalice_name=Ondska
hydramalice_b_name=Ondska
hydramalice_plus_name=Ondska
hydramalice_plus_b_name=Ondska
hydramalice_o_name=Ondska
hydramalice_plus_o_name=Ondska
hydrascorn_name=Förakt
hydrascorn_b_name=Förakt
hydrascorn_plus_name=Förakt
hydrascorn_plus_b_name=Förakt
hydrascorn_plush_name=Förakt
hydrascorn_plush_b_name=Förakt
hydrascorn_o_name=Förakt
hydrascorn_plus_o_name=Förakt
hypnocrab_name=Hypnokrabb
hypnocrab_b_name=Hypnokrabb
hypnocrab_plus_name=Hypnokrabb
hypnocrab_plus_b_name=Hypnokrabb
ignidoh_name=Ignidoh
ignidoh_b_name=Ignidoh
ignidoh_o_name=Ignidoh
ignidoh_o_plus_name=Ignidoh
ignidoh_plus_name=Ignidoh
ignidoh_plus_b_name=Ignidoh
ignidoh_plush_name=Ignidoh
ignidoh_plush_b_name=Ignidoh
impaltar_name=Imp Altar
impaltar_plus_name=Imp Altar
initiated_name=Initierad
initiated_plus_name=Initierad
jasper_name=Jasper
jasper_plus_name=Jasper
jasper_plush_name=Jasper
josh_name=Josh
josh_b_name=Josh
josh_plus_name=Josh
josh_plus_b_name=Josh
julius_name=Julius
julius_plus_name=Julius
julius_plush_name=Julius
khane_name=Khane
khane_b_name=Khane
khane_plus_name=Khane
khane_plus_b_name=Khane
knight_name=Knight
knight_dark_name=Mörk Riddare
knight_plus_name=Knight
knight_plus_dark_name=Mörk Riddare
knight_plush_name=Knight
knight_plush_dark_name=Mörk Riddare
kyno_name=Kyno
kyno_plus_name=Kyno
kyno_plush_name=Kyno
lana_name=Lana
lana_b_name=Lana
lana_plus_name=Lana
lana_plus_b_name=Lana
lancelot_name=Lancelot
lancelot_b_name=Lancelot
lancelot_plus_name=Lancelot
lancelot_plus_b_name=Lancelot
lancelot_plush_name=Lancelot
lancelot_plush_b_name=Lancelot
lancer_name=Lancet
lancer_dark_name=Mörk Lancet
lancer_plus_name=Lancet
lancer_plus_dark_name=Mörk Lancet
lancer_plush_name=Lancet
lancer_plush_dark_name=Mörk Lancet
lavaelemental_name=Lava Element
lavaelemental_b_name=Lava Element
lavaelemental_plus_name=Lava Element
lavaelemental_plus_b_name=Lava Element
livingrock_name=Levande Sten
livingrock_plus_name=Levande Sten
localwerewolfa_name=Lokal varulv
localwerewolfa_plus_name=Lokal varulv
localwerewolfb_name=Lokal varulv
localwerewolfb_plus_name=Lokal varulv
lordhanshek_name=Herre Hanshek
lordhanshek_plus_name=Herre Hanshek
lordhanshek_plush_name=Herre Hanshek
magmaspike_name=Magmaspike
magmaspike_b_name=Magmaspike
magmaspike_plus_name=Magmaspike
magmaspike_plus_b_name=Magmaspike
marauder_name=Marauder
marauder_b_name=Marauder
marauder_plus_name=Marauder
marauder_plus_b_name=Marauder
martina_name=Martina
martina_plus_name=Martina
martina_plush_name=Martina
matriarch_name=Matrona
matriarch_b_name=Matrona
matriarch_o_name=Matrona
matriarch_o_plus_name=Matrona
matriarch_plus_name=Matrona
matriarch_plus_b_name=Matrona
minotaur_name=Minotaur
minotaur_b_name=Minotaur
minotaur_o_name=Minotaur
minotaur_o_plus_name=Minotaur
minotaur_plus_name=Minotaur
minotaur_plus_b_name=Minotaur
monk_name=Munk
monk_dark_name=Mörk munk
monk_plus_name=Munk
monk_plus_dark_name=Mörk munk
monk_plush_name=Munk
monk_plush_dark_name=Mörk munk
mugur_name=Mugur
mugur_b_name=Mugur
mugur_plus_name=Mugur
mugur_plus_b_name=Mugur
mutant_name=Mutant
mutant_b_name=Mutant
mutant_plus_name=Mutant
mutant_plus_b_name=Mutant
mystic_name=Mystic
mystic_b_name=Mystic
mystic_plus_name=Mystic
mystic_plus_b_name=Mystic
mysticsauron_name=Sauron
mysticsauron_b_name=Sauron
mysticsauron_plus_name=Sauron
mysticsauron_plus_b_name=Sauron
neophyte_name=Nyfödd
neophyte_plus_name=Nyfödd
neptu_name=Neptu
neptu_plus_name=Neptu
neptu_plush_name=Neptu
obsidianelemental_name=Obsidian Elemental
obsidianelemental_b_name=Obsidian Elemental
obsidianelemental_plus_name=Obsidian Elemental
obsidianelemental_plus_b_name=Obsidian Elemental
oddball_name=Oddball
oddball_plus_name=Oddball
oddball_plush_name=Oddball
parasite_name=Parasite
parasite_a_name=Parasite
parasite_b_name=Parasite
parasite_plus_name=Parasite
parasite_plus_a_name=Parasite
parasite_plus_b_name=Parasite
pendulum_name=Pendulum
pendulum_b_name=Pendulum
pendulum_plus_name=Pendulum
pendulum_plus_b_name=Pendulum
penduluma_name=Pendulum
penduluma_b_name=Pendulum
penduluma_plus_name=Pendulum
penduluma_plus_b_name=Pendulum
poncho_name=Poncho
poncho_plus_name=Poncho
poncho_plush_name=Poncho
ponko_name=Ponko
ponko_b_name=Ponko
ponko_plus_name=Ponko
ponko_plus_b_name=Ponko
psychic_name=Psychic
psychic_plus_name=Psychic
psychic_plush_name=Psychic
pumba_name=Pumba
pumba_plus_name=Pumba
pumba_plush_name=Pumba
pyromancer_name=Pyromancer
pyromancer_b_name=Pyromancer
pyromancer_plus_name=Pyromancer
pyromancer_plus_b_name=Pyromancer
pyromancersen_name=Pyromancer
pyromancersen_plus_name=Pyromancer
raider_name=Raider
raider_b_name=Raider
raider_plus_name=Raider
raider_plus_b_name=Raider
raidereasy_name=Raider
raidereasy_plus_name=Raider
ravager_name=Ravager
ravager_b_name=Ravager
ravager_plus_name=Ravager
ravager_plus_b_name=Ravager
rhanga_name=Rhanga
rhanga_plus_name=Rhanga
rhogor_name=Rhodogor
rhogor_b_name=Rhodogor
rhogor_plus_name=Rhodogor
rhogor_plus_b_name=Rhodogor
rocco_name=Rocco
rocco_plus_name=Rocco
rocco_plush_name=Rocco
rondo_name=Rondo
rondo_b_name=Rondo
rondo_plus_name=Rondo
rondo_plus_b_name=Rondo
rusty_name=Rusty
rusty_b_name=Rusty
rusty_plus_name=Rusty
rusty_plus_b_name=Rusty
sapling_name=Sapling
sapling_plus_name=Sapling
saul_name=Saul
saul_b_name=Saul
saul_plus_name=Saul
saul_plus_b_name=Saul
sawtooth_name=Sawtooth
sawtooth_b_name=Sawtooth
sawtooth_plus_name=Sawtooth
sawtooth_plus_b_name=Sawtooth
sawtoothirwin_name=Irwin
sawtoothirwin_b_name=Irwin
sawtoothirwin_plus_name=Irwin
sawtoothirwin_plus_b_name=Irwin
shadowclone_name=Shadow Clone
shadowclone_plus_name=Shadow Clone
shadowclone_plusb_name=Shadow Clone
shadowclone_plusbm_name=Shadow Clone
shadowclone_plusbmh_name=Shadow Clone
shadowclone_plush_name=Shadow Clone
shaman_name=Shaman
shaman_plus_name=Shaman
sharon_name=Sharon
sharon_plus_name=Sharon
sharon_plush_name=Sharon
sharpshooter_name=Skarpskytt
sharpshooter_plus_name=Skarpskytt
sheep_name=Får
sheep_plus_name=Får
sheeprandom_name=Får
sheeprandom_plus_name=Får
sheepshearer_name=Fårsaxare
sheepshearer_plus_name=Fårsaxare
shredder_name=Förstörare
shredder_b_name=Förstörare
shredder_plus_name=Förstörare
shredder_plus_b_name=Förstörare
siren_name=Siren
siren_b_name=Siren
siren_plus_name=Siren
siren_plus_b_name=Siren
siren_plush_name=Siren
siren_plush_b_name=Siren
skirmisher_name=Fighter
skirmisher_b_name=Fighter
skirmisher_plus_name=Fighter
skirmisher_plus_b_name=Fighter
skyhunter_name=Skyjägare
skyhunter_b_name=Skyjägare
skyhunter_plus_name=Skyjägare
skyhunter_plus_b_name=Skyjägare
skyhuntereasy_name=Skyjägare
skyhuntereasy_plus_name=Skyjägare
slime_name=Slem
slime_b_name=Slem
slime_plus_name=Slem
slime_plus_b_name=Slem
slimeeasy_name=Slem
slimeeasy_plus_name=Slem
slimesen_name=Rumuri
slimesen_plus_name=Rumuri
spellbinder_name=Trollbindare
spellbinder_b_name=Trollbindare
spellbinder_plus_name=Trollbindare
spellbinder_plus_b_name=Trollbindare
spider_name=Spider
spider_b_name=Spider
spider_plus_name=Spider
spider_plus_b_name=Spider
stalker_name=Jägare
stalker_b_name=Jägare
stalker_plus_name=Jägare
stalker_plus_b_name=Jägare
stephen_name=Stephen
stephen_plus_name=Stephen
stephen_plush_name=Stephen
stoneelemental_name=Stenande Element
stoneelemental_b_name=Stenande Element
stoneelemental_plus_name=Stenande Element
stoneelemental_plus_b_name=Stenande Element
stormbringer_name=Stormbringer
stormbringer_b_name=Stormbringer
stormbringer_plus_name=Stormbringer
stormbringer_plus_b_name=Stormbringer
stormcaller_name=Stormkallare
stormcaller_b_name=Stormkallare
stormcaller_plus_name=Stormkallare
stormcaller_plus_b_name=Stormkallare
swampelemental_name=Sumpande Element
swampelemental_b_name=Sumpande Element
swampelemental_plus_name=Sumpande Element
swampelemental_plus_b_name=Sumpande Element
swamphorror_name=Sumpskräck
swamphorror_b_name=Sumpskräck
swamphorror_plus_name=Sumpskräck
swamphorror_plus_b_name=Sumpskräck
tainteddryad_name=Fördärvad Torntrollkonung
tainteddryad_plus_name=Fördärvad Torntrollkonung
taintedsapling_name=Fördärvat Skott
taintedsapling_plus_name=Fördärvat Skott
taintedtrunky_name=Fördärvad Rånyx
taintedtrunky_plus_name=Fördärvad Rånyx
tayra_name=Tayra
tayra_plus_name=Tayra
tayra_plush_name=Tayra
toasty_name=Toasty
toasty_plus_name=Toasty
toasty_plush_name=Toasty
treevor_name=Treevor
treevor_plus_name=Treevor
treevor_plush_name=Treevor
trunky_name=Trunker
trunky_plus_name=Trunker
tulah_name=Tulah
tulah_b_name=Tulah
tulah_o_name=Tulah
tulah_o_plus_name=Tulah
tulah_plus_name=Tulah
tulah_plus_b_name=Tulah
vanguard_name=Vanguard
vanguard_dark_name=Dark Vanguard
vanguard_plus_name=Vanguard
vanguard_plus_dark_name=Dark Vanguard
vanguard_plush_name=Vanguard
vanguard_plush_dark_name=Dark Vanguard
volatileimp_name=Volatile Imp
volatileimp_a_name=Volatile Imp
volatileimp_n_name=Volatile Imp
volatileimp_plus_name=Volatile Imp
volatileimp_plus_a_name=Volatile Imp
volatileimp_plus_b_name=Volatile Imp
vulcan_name=Vulcan
vulcan_plus_name=Vulcan
vulcan_plush_name=Vulcan
warboara_name=War Boar
warboara_plus_name=War Boar
warboarb_name=War Boar
warboarb_plus_name=War Boar
warden_name=Warden
warden_b_name=Warden
warden_plus_name=Warden
warden_plus_b_name=Warden
werewolfmerchant_name=Werewolf Merchant
werewolfmerchant_plus_name=Werewolf Merchant
wick_name=Wick
wickb_name=Wick
wildboara_name=Wild Boar
wildboara_plus_name=Wild Boar
wildboararandom_name=Wild Boar
wildboararandom_plus_name=Wild Boar
wildboarb_name=Wild Boar
wildboarb_plus_name=Wild Boar
ylmer_name=Ylmer
ylmer_o_name=Ylmer
ylmer_o_plus_name=Ylmer
ylmer_plus_name=Ylmer
ylmer_plush_name=Ylmer
yogger_name=Yogger
yogger_o_name=Yogger
yogger_o_plus_name=Yogger
yogger_plus_name=Yogger
yogger_plush_name=Yogger
archer_name=Archer
archer_b_name=Archer
archer_plus_name=Archer
archer_plus_b_name=Archer
dracomancer_name=Dracomancer
dracomancer_b_name=Dracomancer
dracomancer_plus_name=Dracomancer
dracomancer_plus_b_name=Dracomancer
dracomancer_plush_name=Dracomancer
dracomancer_plush_b_name=Dracomancer
draconoid_name=Draconoid
draconoid_b_name=Draconoid
draconoid_plus_name=Draconoid
draconoid_plus_b_name=Draconoid
druid_name=Druid
druid_b_name=Druid
druid_plus_name=Druid
druid_plus_b_name=Druid
faeborg_name=Faeborg
faeborg_b_name=Faeborg
faeborg_plus_name=Faeborg
faeborg_plus_b_name=Faeborg
faeborg_plush_name=Faeborg
faeborg_plush_b_name=Faeborg
faeborg_o_name=Faeborg
faeborg_plus_o_name=Faeborg
fisher_name=Fiskare
fisher_b_name=Fiskare
fisher_plus_name=Fiskare
fisher_plus_b_name=Fiskare
forecaster_name=Meteorolog
forecaster_b_name=Meteorolog
forecaster_plus_name=Meteorolog
forecaster_plus_b_name=Meteorolog
fred_name=Fred
fred_b_name=Fred
fred_plus_name=Fred
fred_plus_b_name=Fred
fred_plush_name=Fred
fred_plush_b_name=Fred
freezer_name=Frysbox
freezer_plus_name=Frysbox
freezer_plush_name=Frysbox
graendor_name=Graendor
graendor_b_name=Graendor
graendor_o_name=Graendor
graendor_o_plus_name=Graendor
graendor_plus_name=Graendor
graendor_plus_b_name=Graendor
hydrahead_name=Hydrahuvud
hydrahead_b_name=Hydrahuvud
lumberjack_name=Trädhuggare
lumberjack_b_name=Trädhuggare
lumberjack_plus_name=Trädhuggare
lumberjack_plus_b_name=Trädhuggare
monty_name=Monty
monty_b_name=Monty
monty_plus_name=Monty
monty_plus_b_name=Monty
phil_name=Phil
phil_b_name=Phil
phil_plus_name=Phil
phil_plus_b_name=Phil
phil_plush_name=Phil
phil_plush_b_name=Phil
rabbit_name=Kanin
rabbit_b_name=Kanin
rabbit_plus_name=Kanin
rabbit_plus_b_name=Kanin
royalguard_name=Kungliga Vakter
royalguard_b_name=Kungliga Vakter
royalguard_plus_name=Kungliga Vakter
royalguard_plus_b_name=Kungliga Vakter
scrapper_name=Rivare
scrapper_b_name=Rivare
scrapper_plus_name=Rivare
scrapper_plus_b_name=Rivare
sentinel_name=Sentinel
sentinel_b_name=Sentinel
sentinel_plus_name=Sentinel
sentinel_plus_b_name=Sentinel
squirel_name=Ekorre
squirel_b_name=Ekorre
squirel_plus_name=Ekorre
squirel_plus_b_name=Ekorre
squireleasy_name=Ekorre
squireleasy_plus_name=Ekorre
swordman_name=Svärdskämpe
swordman_b_name=Svärdskämpe
swordman_plus_name=Svärdskämpe
swordman_plus_b_name=Svärdskämpe
ursur_name=Ursur
ursur_b_name=Ursur
ursur_o_name=Ursur
ursur_o_plus_name=Ursur
ursur_plus_name=Ursur
ursur_plus_b_name=Ursur
ursur_plush_name=Ursur
ursur_plush_b_name=Ursur
dualist_name=Dualist
dualist_plus_name=Dualist
dualist_plush_name=Dualist
magus_name=Magiker
magus_plus_name=Magiker
magus_plush_name=Magiker
magus_dark_name=Mörk magiker
magus_plus_dark_name=Mörk magiker
magus_plush_dark_name=Mörk magiker
0: //////
advisor_name=Advisor
advisor_b_name=rptd_advisor_name
advisor_plus_name=rptd_advisor_name
advisor_plus_b_name=rptd_advisor_name
cannoneer_name=Kanonskytt
cannoneer_b_name=rptd_cannoneer_name
cannoneer_plus_name=rptd_cannoneer_name
cannoneer_plus_b_name=rptd_cannoneer_name
crucible_name=Ånghärd
crucible_b_name=rptd_crucible_name
crucible_plus_name=rptd_crucible_name
crucible_plus_b_name=rptd_crucible_name
driller_name=Borraren
driller_b_name=rptd_driller_name
driller_plus_name=rptd_driller_name
driller_plus_b_name=rptd_driller_name
ratone_name=Råttan
ratone_b_name=rptd_ratone_name
ratone_plus_name=rptd_ratone_name
ratone_plus_b_name=rptd_ratone_name
ratone_o_name=rptd_ratone_name
ratone_o_plus_name=rptd_ratone_name
ruffian_name=Busen
ruffian_b_name=rptd_ruffian_name
ruffian_plus_name=rptd_ruffian_name
ruffian_plus_b_name=rptd_ruffian_name
thug_name=Ligist
thug_b_name=rptd_thug_name
thug_plus_name=rptd_thug_name
thug_plus_b_name=rptd_thug_name
dt800_name=DT-800
dt800_b_name=rptd_dt800_name
dt800_o_name=rptd_dt800_name
dt800_plus_name=rptd_dt800_name
dt800_plus_b_name=rptd_dt800_name
dt800_plus_o_name=rptd_dt800_name
dwarfface_name=Dvärgansikte
dwarfface_b_name=rptd_dwarfface_name
dwarfface_o_name=rptd_dwarfface_name
dwarfface_plus_name=rptd_dwarfface_name
dwarfface_plus_b_name=rptd_dwarfface_name
dwarfface_plus_o_name=rptd_dwarfface_name
flamethrower_name=Flamethrower
flamethrower_b_name=rptd_flamethrower_name
flamethrower_o_name=rptd_flamethrower_name
flamethrower_plus_name=rptd_flamethrower_name
flamethrower_plus_b_name=rptd_flamethrower_name
flamethrower_plus_o_name=rptd_flamethrower_name
launcher_name=Launcher
launcher_b_name=rptd_launcher_name
launcher_o_name=rptd_launcher_name
launcher_plus_name=rptd_launcher_name
launcher_plus_b_name=rptd_launcher_name
launcher_plus_o_name=rptd_launcher_name
andrin_name=Andrin
balina_name=Balina
dryad_h_name=rptd_dryad_name
frostfang_name=Frostfang
frostfang_o_name=rptd_frostfang_name
frostfang_o_plus_name=rptd_frostfang_name
gorio_name=Gorio
gorio_o_name=rptd_gorio_name
gorio_o_plus_name=rptd_gorio_name
houndmaster_name=Houndmaster
houndmaster_o_name=rptd_houndmaster_name
houndmaster_o_plus_name=rptd_houndmaster_name
savage_name=Vild
savage_o_name=rptd_savage_name
savage_o_plus_name=rptd_savage_name
thief_name=Thief
treant_name=Trädvarelse
wolf_name=Varg
wolf_o_name=rptd_wolf_name
wolf_o_plus_name=rptd_wolf_name
1: /////////////////////////////// Ny Ulminin DLC //////////////
bladebeetle_name=Klingbagge
bladebeetle_b_name=Klingbagge
bladebeetle_plus_name=Klingbagge
bladebeetle_plus_b_name=Klingbagge
bonearcher_name=Benbågskytt
bonearcher_b_name=Benbågskytt
bonearcher_plus_name=Benbågskytt
bonearcher_plus_b_name=Benbågskytt
bonefighter_name=Benkämpe
bonefightera_b_name=Benkämpe
bonefightera_plus_name=Benkämpe
bonefightera_plus_b_name=Benkämpe
bonemage_name=Benmagiker
bonemageally_name=Benmagiker
bonemage_b_name=Benmagiker
bonemage_plus_name=Benmagiker
bonemage_plus_b_name=Benmagiker
bonepriest_name=Benpräst
bonepriestally_name=Benpräst
bonepriest_b_name=Benpräst
bonepriest_plus_name=Benpräst
bonepriest_plus_b_name=Benpräst
bonewarlock_name=Benkrigare
bonewarlockally_name=Benkrigare
bonewarlock_b_name=Benkrigare
bonewarlock_plus_name=Benkrigare
bonewarlock_plus_b_name=Benkrigare
bonewarrior_name=Benkrigare
bonewarrior_b_name=Benkrigare
bonewarrior_plus_name=Benkrigare
bonewarrior_plus_b_name=Benkrigare
dungbeetle_name=Sköldpaddbagge
dungbeetle_b_name=Sköldpaddbagge
dungbeetle_plus_name=Sköldpaddbagge
dungbeetle_plus_b_name=Sköldpaddbagge
enforcer_name=Uppsamlare
enforcer_b_name=Uppsamlare
enforcer_plus_name=Uppsamlare
enforcer_plus_b_name=Uppsamlare
explorer_name=Utforskare
explorer_b_name=Utforskare
explorer_plus_name=Utforskare
explorer_plus_b_name=Utforskare
fennec_a_name=Fennek
fennec_a_b_name=Fennek
fennec_b_name=Fennek
fennec_b_b_name=Fennek
fennec_c_name=Fennek
fennec_c_b_name=Fennek
fennec_a_plus_name=Fennek
fennec_a_plus_b_name=Fennek
fennec_b_plus_name=Fennek
fennec_b_plus_b_name=Fennek
fennec_c_plus_name=Fennek
fennec_c_plus_b_name=Fennek
halberdier_name=Hillebardist
halberdier_b_name=Hillebardist
halberdier_plus_name=Hillebardist
halberdier_plus_b_name=Hillebardist
harbinger_name=Förebådare
harbinger_b_name=Förebådare
harbinger_plus_name=Förebådare
harbinger_plus_b_name=Förebådare
heretic_name=Kättare
heretic_b_name=Kättare
heretic_plus_name=Kättare
heretic_plus_b_name=Kättare
jim_name=Jim
jim_b_name=Jim
jim_plus_name=Jim
jim_plus_b_name=Jim
mortis_name=Mortis
mortis_b_name=Mortis
mortis_o_name=Mortis
mortis_o_plus_name=Mortis
mortis_plus_name=Mortis
mortis_plus_b_name=Mortis
mortis_plush_name=Mortis
mortis_plush_b_name=Mortis
nomad_name=Nomad
nomad_b_name=Nomad
nomad_plus_name=Nomad
nomad_plus_b_name=Nomad
pagan_plus_name=Pagan
pagan_plus_b_name=Pagan
pagan_name=Pagan
pagan_b_name=Pagan
priestess_name=Prästinna
priestess_b_name=Prästinna
priestess_plus_name=Prästinna
priestess_plus_b_name=Prästinna
reaper_name=Dödgrävare
reaper_b_name=Dödgrävare
reaper_plus_name=Dödgrävare
reaper_plus_b_name=Dödgrävare
rogue_name=Frigångare
rogue_b_name=Frigångare
rogue_plus_name=Frigångare
rogue_plus_b_name=Frigångare
sandworm_name=Sandmask
sandworm_b_name=Sandmask
sandworm_plus_name=Sandmask
sandworm_plus_b_name=Sandmask
scolopendra_name=Scolopendra
scolopendra_b_name=Scolopendra
scolopendra_plus_name=Scolopendra
scolopendra_plus_b_name=Scolopendra
basthet_name=Basthet
basthet_b_name=Basthet
basthet_plus_name=Basthet
basthet_plus_b_name=Basthet
blackscarab_name=Svarta Skarabé
blackscarab_b_name=Svarta Skarabé
blackscarab_plus_name=Svarta Skarabé
blackscarab_plus_b_name=Svarta Skarabé
crystalscarab_name=Kristall Skarabé
crystalscarab_b_name=Kristall Skarabé
crystalscarab_plus_name=Kristall Skarabé
crystalscarab_plus_b_name=Kristall Skarabé
eternalcube_name=Evigt Klot
eternalcube_b_name=Evigt Klot
eternalcube_plus_name=Evigt Klot
eternalcube_plus_b_name=Evigt Klot
goldenscarab_name=Gul Skarabé
goldenscarab_b_name=Gul Skarabé
goldenscarab_plus_name=Gul Skarabé
goldenscarab_plus_b_name=Gul Skarabé
gyroorb_name=Gyro Klot
gyroorb_b_name=Gyro Klot
gyroorb_plus_name=Gyro Klot
gyroorb_plus_b_name=Gyro Klot
holycube_name=Helig Kube
holycube_b_name=Helig Kube
holycube_plus_name=Helig Kube
holycube_plus_b_name=Helig Kube
jadescarab_name=Jadeskalbagge
jadescarab_b_name=Jadeskalbagge
jadescarab_plus_name=Jadeskalbagge
jadescarab_plus_b_name=Jadeskalbagge
pylon_name=Pylon
pylon_b_name=Pylon
pylon_plus_name=Pylon
pylon_plus_b_name=Pylon
scourgescarab_name=Skurk Skalbagge
scourgescarab_b_name=Skurk Skalbagge
scourgescarab_plus_name=Skurk Skalbagge
scourgescarab_plus_b_name=Skurk Skalbagge
